from the sandlots of Topeka Kansas if I
be covered walls and Wrigley Field
the game of baseball has always been
played with dignity and grace Oh
[Music]
until now me Ricky oh Clark
oh they were three guys who never got
respect
Clark the dark and Richy itchy until
they took a stand
hey loser get off this field well the
little guy stop picking on that kid
we're practice here so go you want the
field go bad we'll play for it but they
are nine of us and three of you hi me
your maker makers of one poop they
couldn't hit where's the strike zone
right there they couldn't care doc bad
but real strength they don't let me come
out there go out here oh you
oh we said it comes from the heart
Oh
[Music]
thanks Mike yeah so I started learning
but you three incredible gesture if we
can see stall and lean teams from around
the state then kids like Nelson and his
buddies will get respect but pieces will
fall into less
[Music]
useful take your athletes out funny I
had no athlete at three-syllable athlete
that's amazing he's Ricky Jackson he
agreed to come and help run some drills
this drill is for hand-eye coordination
this is for your cat and released you
hot well run slider no exact thing Jon
Heder
just a swing oh there's my mirror my dad
[Applause]
you